Added some defense contractors and unethical big tech companies (#4)
jamiebuilds/license: README.md

- "Target Corporation" (for union busting and anti-union propaganda)
- "The H&M group" (for abusive treatment of workers)
- "Tesla, Inc" (for abusive treatment of workers)
- "Facebook Inc" (for playing a “determining role” in the ongoing ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya in Myanmar)
- "Alphabet Inc" (for working with the Department of Defense)
- "Raytheon Company" (for working with the Department of Defense)
- "Lockheed Martin Corperation" (for working with the Department of Defense)

> - "The Boeing Company" (For working witht he Department of Defense)

Reviewer: there's a typo here
```suggestion
- "The Boeing Company" (For working with the Department of Defense)
```

> - "CloudFlare, Inc" (for hosting white supremacist and neo-nazi content)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Cloudflare, Inc" (for hosting white supremacist and neo-nazi content)
```
Wikipedia uses this casing, leading me to believe that it is more correct
